MICROSOFT LICENSE:

=> Key Microsoft technolgies
-Windows 11 pro | Windows 11 enterprise
-A license must be assigned to each device on which the software is used.
-We need a license for each device we are using.
-All of the license are electronic
-Microsoft office enterprise and Microsoft office standard both need licensen

=> Windows server 2022
- Microsoft server operating system
- Available in 2 principal editions
- Required before server aplications can be installed.
- Hiper-v is included in the server
- Bussineses are likely to be several server aplications.
- is better if the server are separate into different servers
- We use Hyper-v to create several server aplications
- Hyper-V included for server virtualization
- License with a Per Core and CAL model
- minimun 16 license of the core per server
- CAL => Client access license.
- A Cal allows a client to access the server.

=> Licensing Virtualized technology:
- There are many benefits when using vitual technology


=> Microsoft exchange server:
- A server aplication to manage enterprise-wide email
- Provide 3 ways for users to access their email, calendar , contact and tasks.
- Can be installed in a physical or virtual operating system enviroment
- Exchange online Available
- Licensed with a 'Server and Cal' licensing model.

=> Microsoft skype for bussines server 2019:

-A server aplication to manage:
    - Secure, auditable instant messaging
    - Presence integration
    - Audio video and web conferencing.
    - Enterprise voice and technology
- Can be installed in a physical or virtual operating system enviroment.
-Licensed with a 'Server and CAL' licensing model.
-Standard CAL, Enterprise CAL , Plus CAL

=> Microsoft sharepoint Server SE:

- A server aplication to help organizations to:
    - Manage content
    - Manage Bussineses process
    - Simplify how people find and share information across intranet, extranet and internet sites.
- Can be installed in a physical or virtual operating system enviroment.
- Sharepoint online available
-Licensed with a 'Server and CAL' licensing model.

=> Microsoft SQL Server:

- A server aplication which is a relational database.
- Required as a data storage infrastructure product for some other several aplications.
- At the heart of Microsoft BI solution.
- Comes in several editions.
- Can be installed in a physical or virtual operating system enviroment.
- Depending on the edition, licensed with a 'Server and CAL' licensing model..


=> MICROSOFT ONLINE SERVICES:

1. Which solution would Fourth Coffee acquire if they wanted to protect their company data while users used their preferred devices?
    Dynamics 365
    EMS
    Azure
    Office 365

2. Wide World Importers want to buy Windows 11 Enterprise E3 User SLs. In which of the following ways may they buy these licenses?
        Pre-installed on a new computer
        From the Microsoft website
        Through an Open agreement
        Through the CSP program

3. Trey Research have 150 users and want a cost-effective way to license their users for Windows 11 and Office 365, with appropriate         security and management functionality. Which of the following licenses would you recommend?
        Microsoft 365 Business Basic
        Microsoft 365 Business Standard
        Microsoft 365 F3
        Microsoft 365 Business Premium

4. Which edition of Windows 11 do users licensed with Microsoft 365 F3 User SLs have access to?
    Windows 11 Enterprise E3
    Windows 11 Pro
    Windows 11 Enterprise
    Windows 11 Enterprise E5

5. City Power & Light are interested in the Microsoft 365 Business plans. What is the maximum number of licenses they may purchase for     one of these plans?
    100
    250
    300
    500

6.The Phone Company want to license 500 of their users for Microsoft 365 F1. Are they able to do this?
    Yes
    No

7. Southridge Video have a number of users who need to be able to read Office documents and access internal SharePoint sites and Teams.     Which licenses would you recommend that they acquire for these users?
    Microsoft 365 F1
    Microsoft 365 F3
    Microsoft 365 E3
    Microsoft 365 E5

8. Lucerne Publishing want the most advanced tools for protecting their company data. Which of the following licenses would you             recommend?
    EMS E5
    EMS E3
    Dynamics 365
    Microsoft Intune
    Windows 365

9. Which edition of Windows 11 do users licensed with Microsoft 365 F1 User SLs have access to?
    Windows 11 Pro
    Windows 11 Business
    Windows 11 Enterprise E3
    Windows 11 Enterprise E5
    There is no Windows component included in this license

10. Margie’s Travel have 150 users and want them to be able to use Office on their mobile devices and to use the basic services of           hosted email and SharePoint. Which Microsoft 365 plan would you recommend?
        Microsoft 365 Business Premium
        Microsoft 365 Business Standard
        Microsoft 365 Apps for business
        Microsoft 365 Business Basic

11. How are the Dynamics 365 products primarily licensed?
        With User Subscription Licenses
        On a consumption basis
        With Organization-Wide Licenses
        With Microsoft 365 licenses, since most Dynamics 365 components are part of Microsoft 365

12. The Coho Winery have 75 users and want them to be able to use the Office apps on their PCs and to be able to use hosted email and        Teams. Which Microsoft 365 plan would you recommend?
        Microsoft 365 Business Standard
        Microsoft 365 F1
        Microsoft 365 F3
        Microsoft 365 Business Basic

13. Humungous Insurance will be purchasing Office 365 User SLs in the near future. How will they pay for these User SLs?
        Upfront annually
        Upfront monthly
        Monthly in arrears
        Either upfront annually or on a monthly basis, dependent on the licensing program that they choose

14. Datum Corporation have 100 users and want them to use the Office apps on their mobile devices and to have light access to Exchange     and SharePoint Online, as well as Teams. Which would be the most cost-effective Microsoft 365 plan for them to acquire?
    Office 365 E3
    Office 365 E5
    Office 365 F3
    Office 365 E1

15. How are services such as Office 365 licensed?
        On a consumption basis
        With a Device Subscription License
        With a User CAL
        With a User Subscription License

16. What areas of functionality does Dynamics 365 provide?
        Advanced Collaboration and Customer Relationship Management
        Project and Portfolio Management and Enterprise Resource Planning
        Customer Relationship Management and Enterprise Resource Planning
        Unified Communication and Business Process Management

17. Blue Yonder Airlines have 1,000 users and need them to use the Office apps on a device of their choice as well as to use tools such     as Teams Phone and Power BI Pro. Which Office 365 plan would you recommend?
    Office 365 E1
    Office 365 E3
    Office 365 E5
    Office 365 F3

18. Adventure Works have 500 users and want them to use the Office apps on their mobile devices and to use hosted email, SharePoint and     Teams. Which Office 365 plan would you recommend?  
    Office 365 E1
    Office 365 E3
    Office 365 E5
    Office 365 F1

19. The Alpine Ski House have 750 users and want them to be able to use the Office apps on their PCs and to be able to use hosted tools      such as SharePoint Online and Teams. Which Office 365 plan would you recommend?
        Office 365 E1
        Office 365 E3
        Office 365 E5
        Office 365 F3

20. Contoso Pharmaceuticals are interested in the Office 365 F3 plan for some users, and the Office 365 E3 plan for others. May they mix     plans?
        Yes
        No

=> INTRODUCTION TO MICROSOFT AZURE AND ITS LICENSING:

1. Wide World Importers want to pay for their Azure consumption services at the end of the month, based on what they have used. Which of the following ways to buy support this method of payment? Choose three answers.
    Buying direct from Microsoft via the website
    CSP
    An MPSA
    Buying direct from Microsoft via an internal salesperson
    A Select Plus agreement
    An Enterprise Agreement

2. Trey Research are interested in using the Azure services for some proof of concept projects. They want to work with a partner who has expertise in relevant line of business solutions who can offer an end-to-end managed solution, including deployment and billing. How would you recommend that they purchase the Azure services?
    Through CSP, an EA, or direct from Microsoft
    Through CSP or any Volume Licensing agreement
    Through an EA or direct from Microsoft
    Through CSP
    Through the Microsoft website

3. The Phone Company have set up a number of Azure Subscriptions so that they can track spend by different departments of their             organization. What value of pre-paid funds must they assign to each Subscription?
    None – they pay for actual services used
    $25
    $250
    $2,500

4. Contoso Pharmaceuticals are using a partner’s Azure solution which they have acquired through the Azure Marketplace. The solution is     charged on a consumption basis. When are Contoso Pharmaceuticals invoiced for this solution?
    At the end of a quarter
    At the end of a month
    At the beginning of a quarter
    At the beginning of a month

5. Can the Azure Pricing Calculator show different pricing, dependent on how a customer purchases their Azure services?
    Yes
    No

6. What is the Azure Marketplace?
    A place where customers can see Azure services showcased to show possible solutions of interest to them
    A place where customers can access training resources to learn about how to deploy and manage the Azure services
    A place where customers can return unwanted Azure services
    A place where partners, and Microsoft, can add solutions built on Azure for customers to buy

7. Proseware, Inc buy their Azure services direct from the Microsoft website. How will they pay for their Azure consumption services?
    With an upfront annual Azure prepayment
    Monthly in arrears
    Quarterly in arrears
    With an upfront quarterly Azure prepayment

8. Woodgrove Bank buy their Azure consumption services through a CSP partner. They are interested in having multiple Azure Subscriptions     so that they can track Azure spend on different projects. Is this possible?
        Yes
        No

9. Where are Azure resources such as virtual machines provisioned?
    The Azure Enterprise portal
    The Microsoft Business Center portal
    The Partner Center portal
    The Azure Management portal

10. Lucerne Publishing buy their Azure services through an Enterprise Agreement. How will they pay for their Azure consumption services?
    Annually in arrears
    Quarterly in arrears
    With an upfront Azure prepayment
    Monthly in arrears

11. How are Azure services such as virtual machines charged for?
    With a fixed monthly fee 
    On an hourly or per minute basis
    On a per transaction basis
    On a quarterly consumption basis

12. How are Azure services such as Azure Information Protection licensed?
    With a fixed annual fee
    On an organization-wide basis
    On a consumption basis
    With User Subscription Licenses

=> WAYS TO BUY MICROSOFT SOFTWARE AND SERVICES:

1. Trey Research want to buy Windows 11 Enterprise and Office Professional Plus 2021 licenses for all of their 250 devices. Will they be    eligible for an Enterprise Agreement?
    Yes
    No

2. Which of the following may customers buy through their CSP partner? Choose four answers.
    Azure consumption services
    Perpetual licenses with Software Assurance for on-premises products
    Subscription licenses without Software Assurance for on-premises products
    Subscription licenses with Software Assurance for on-premises products
    Licenses for Online Services
    Perpetual licenses without Software Assurance for on-premises products
    Server Subscriptions for Windows Server and SQL Server

3. What are the three ways to buy software and services that Microsoft will offer in the future to simplify doing business with 
   Microsoft?
        Through Microsoft’s website, direct from a Microsoft salesperson, or through a Volume Licensing agreement
        Through a partner, through Microsoft’s website, or through a Volume Licensing agreement
        Through a partner, through Microsoft’s website, or direct from a Microsoft salesperson
        Through a partner, direct from a Microsoft salesperson, or through a Volume Licensing agreement

4. Which of the following agreements is an example of a committed Volume Licensing agreement?
    Select Plus
    Enterprise Agreement
    Microsoft Customer Agreement
    MPSA

5. Humongous Insurance are a large, strategic customer interested in buying through the new commerce experience direct from a Microsoft     salesperson. Which products are currently available through this way to buy?
    Online Services, Azure consumption services, and subscription licenses for on-premises products
    Azure consumption services only
    Online Services and Azure consumption services
    Online Services only

6. Lucerne Publishing want to buy a solution based on Microsoft Azure from a partner and have that partner bill them for the solution       and their associated support services each month. How would you recommend that Lucerne Publishing purchase the Azure solution?
    Through an Enterprise Agreement
    Through the Cloud Solution Provider program
    Through the azure.com website
    Through an Open Value agreement

7. Which of the following agreements are aimed at a customer with 100 users? Choose two answers.
    Enterprise Agreement
    MPSA
    Open Value Subscription
    Select Plus
    Open Value Organization-Wide

8. Which of the following agreements include Software Assurance as a mandatory purchase? Choose two answers.
    Enterprise Agreement
    Select Plus
    MPSA
    Open Value Subscription

9. What is the single agreement that will govern all of a customer’s purchases in the future?
    The Microsoft Customer Agreement
    The Microsoft Cloud Agreement
    The Microsoft Products and Services Agreement
    The Microsoft Agreement

10. Fourth Coffee want to buy 8 licenses without Software Assurance for Office Professional Plus 2021. They have no active Volume            Licensing agreements. How would you recommend that they purchase these licenses?
        Through a new Enterprise Agreement
        Through a new MPSA
        Through a new Open Value agreement
        Through their CSP partner

11. The Phone Company have been told that licenses for Online Services such as Office 365 are always subscription-based. Is this true?
    Yes
    No

12.Southridge Video are a small organization with 27 PCs who want to buy subscription licenses for Office Professional Plus 2021 for all    of their devices. Which agreement would you recommend that they use?
    Enterprise Subscription Agreement
    MPSA
    Open Value Subscription
    Open Value Organization-Wide





    






















